In 10, 15 years time, we'll be in a kind
of new golden era of discovery. That's
why I hope a kind of new renaissance.
>> We're in the thick of the AI revolution.
But we might look back on January 2014
as one of the most [music] pivotal
moments in business history. That was
the month that Deisabas sold his AI
[music] company, DeepMind, to Google. He
rebuffed a higher offer from Meta's Mark
Zuckerberg, and the acquisition scared
Elon Musk so much that he decided to
launch a rival company with Sam Alman,
now called OpenAI. Fast forward to today
and Demis [music] is still the one to
beat. He runs all of Google's AI
initiatives, including Gemini, which is
quickly eating away at OpenAI's user
base. In his spare time, [music] Demis
won a Nobel Prize, and he runs a startup
called Isomorphic that wants to solve
all disease with [music] AI. I sat down
with Demis at the World Economic Forum
in Davos to learn where [music] he
thinks the future is heading. I'm
Allison Shantel and this is Fortune 500,
Titans and Disruptors of Industry.
We'll be back with Demis after a quick
message from our sponsor.
[music]
This is on the topic of every CXO
conversation I'm a part of. And I think
the thought process has to be looking
for high impact areas that may not be
necessarily the most glamorous or
high-profile functional areas but are uh
ripe for automation and use of this
technology to create efficiencies as
well as innovation and over time uh AI
agents will be also in customerf facing
and growth oriented domains. In our case
uh deote we're using it [music] within
our finance organization looking at you
know very mundane processes like expense
management and working capital
management. We're seeing other
organizations using it in call centers
and with software development that can
be [music] uh automated
comes down to intentionality. And so
[music] I think that intentionality in
going functional area by functional area
in concert with business and IT
leadership in an enterprise. It needs to
[music] be a mainstream business
planning effort that's budgeted that's
KPIs are developed and there's real
accountability for uh actual business
outcomes and impact because of agentic
capabilities. [music]
>> Dennis, we're here at Davos. Thank you
for making the time to do this with us.
Great to be here. You've had a huge
2025. It sounds like you're gearing up
for a great 2026. But before we get into
both of those things, I want to just
take a step back so people can get to
know you a little bit better.
>> One of the things you love is chess.
Yes.
>> You're chess master. You also love
astronomy. Yes.
>> And I'm curious how both of those things
took you into AI or shape how you think
about AI.
>> Yeah. Well, um, I've always been
interested in things like astronomy,
cosmology, physics, uh, as a kid because
I've always been interested in the big
questions. So, you know, what's actually
happening here in the universe,
consciousness, nature of consciousness,
all of these types of things. So, you
get sort of drawn to physics if you're
interested in the big questions. And
then for me, for chess, I also love
games, love strategy. Ended up training
my own mind by playing chess as a kid
um, very seriously. And then that got me
thinking about thinking and how does the
brain work? And then I've combined all
that together that sort of led me to AI
and computers and AI being a way to
understand our own minds but also a
perfect tool for science and understand
the universe out there. Equipped with a
degree in computer science and a PhD in
cognitive neuroscience, Habis co-founded
DeepMind in 2010. [music] The company
launched with an ambitious goal to solve
intelligence. Under Hassabus'
leadership, the DeepMind team made
significant strides in its artificial
intelligence models. And just four years
later, Google purchased the research
startup for hundreds of millions of
dollars. You first started Deep Mind.
You co-ounded it a number of years ago.
And about 2014, you sold it to Google
for about $500 million at the time. It
was a hot deal. I know Meta wanted it,
too. And from my perspective, I think
we're going to look back on that moment
as one of the most transformative
moments in business history.
>> You've given Google the foundation of
which to build an incredible AI machine
and really take it into the future. When
you look back on that,
>> how do you feel about that moment? How
did you make that decision? Did you know
it was going to be such a big moment at
the time?
>> I we did actually. Uh those of us, you
know, were involved in the science. So,
it's interesting. We started uh deep
mind in 2010 which was you know 15 years
plus ago now and nobody was talking
about AI but we knew and we set out with
the mission of solving intelligence and
then using it to solve everything else.
So we wanted to be the first company to
build artificial genuine intelligence
and the main thing we wanted to apply it
to was was solving scientific problems.
So when Google came along in 2014 and it
was actually driven by Larry at the
time, Larry Page who was the CEO, we
knew that in some ways we were sort of
underelling. But on the other hand, what
mattered to me was not the money. It was
being able to it was the mission and be
able to accelerate our progress towards
artificial general intelligence and
answering these scientific questions
that that we were we were trying to
solve. And I felt that teaming up with
Google would accelerate that mostly
because they had obviously enormous
compute power and we see today that how
important that is for developing
intelligence. So at the time I did
mention to Larry and also uh the head of
search at the time who was driving the
deal that this would turn out to be
although it didn't look like it now it
might turn out to be the most important
acquisition Google has ever done which
is saying something because they
acquired YouTube and the history and
Android they they've got a good history
of of buying important things. And now
if you go back and you look at the
origins of open AI, if Elon and Sam got
together because they were afraid that
Google might now have a monopoly in the
AI space with the Deep Mind acquisition.
So really that also kind of created a
mega competitor at the time.
>> Yeah, I guess there's all these sort of
butterfly effects that happen and I
think partly also it was the success of
things like Alph Go, the first program
to beat the the the world champion at
the game of Go using these kinds of
learning systems that we're familiar
with today. you know, reinforcement
learning, deep learning at the heart of
it. I think that was a big watershed
moment as well in 2016. It's actually
like the 10 year anniversary of that
breakthrough this year. And I think that
really started the starting gun for the
modern AI era. Uh, including things
like, you know, Open AI. I know the
founders of that watched that match and
wanted a piece of that action.
>> Following Google's DeepMind acquisition,
the company repeatedly made headlines
for [music] its accomplishments in AI.
In 2015, the company's AI model, Alph
Go, became the first computer [music] to
defeat a champion Go player. And later
on, it defeated top players in chess,
Strateggo, and Starcraft 2, which is a
popular real-time strategy computer
game. [music] In 2020, Google's DeepMind
AlphaFold 2 solved the protein folding
problem. For decades, [music] scientists
had struggled to predict how protein
sequence forms in its final structure.
The model accomplished this with
remarkable accuracy. The team has
[music] since scaled its process to
predict over 200 million structures, all
of which are now available in an online
database. [music] Isabas received the
Nobel Prize in Chemistry and a nighthood
in 2024 in part for this achievement.
>> Under Google at Alphabet, you've been
able to have a lot of moonshots, take um
risks, try things that haven't
necessarily led to money immediately,
but have been profound breakthroughs.
And one of them you won a Nobel Prize.
So, I was wondering, congratulations.
It's incredible. I was wondering if you
could just tell me a little bit more
about Alpha Fold and why that's such a
big deal in terms of how we could be
looking at solving diseases moving
ahead.
>> Yeah, I think this was one of the
benefits of being in as part of Google
and and Alphabet was having the
resources and the time to really go
after these sort of deep scientific
problems and Alpha, I think, is the best
example of that. It's basically a
solution to a 50-year-old grand
challenge in biology of can you
determine the 3D structure of a protein
just from its amino acid sequence,
basically from its genetic sequence. And
this is incredibly important because
proteins basically do everything in your
body from muscles to neurons firing.
Everything depends on proteins. And if
you know the 3D structure of a protein,
what it looks like in your body, then
you kind of partially know what the
function it does, what it supports.
Obviously it's important also for
disease because um things can go wrong
with proteins. They can fold in the
wrong way like in something like
Alzheimer's and then that can create a
disease. So really important for drug
discovery as well as fundamental biology
and alpha folded was the solution to
this problem that was posed 50 years ago
by another Nobel prize winner actually
Christian unfinson that this should be
possible and to go directly from a kind
of one-dimensional string of amino acid
sequence to this 3D structure this kind
of how does it it scrunch up into a ball
and Alpha was the solution and was so
efficient not only is it accurate we
folded all 200 million proteins known to
science and then we put that on a huge
database with the European
Bionformmatics Institute and for free
into the world for everyone to use. So
now over 3 million researchers around
the world make use of Alpha Vold every
day.
>> Wow. And it's turned into you're using
some of it I believe for isomeorphic
which is a startup that you have I want
to say on the side. Yes. You're doing
two huge jobs at once here. You've
raised hundreds of millions of dollars
and Google of course is a backer for
Isomorphic. Can you just explain the
mission there? And you have some lofty
goals like you say we're going to solve
all disease. You don't say cure, you say
solve. And also walk me through how hard
it is to get a drug to trial because
that's historically been very difficult.
>> So that was always the idea behind alpha
fold. So obviously there's a lot of um
fundamental science that can be done if
you understand the structures of
proteins including designing new
proteins that do new things. So you can
sort of use alphafold in reverse to sort
of go okay I want this particular shape.
How do I get it from a genetic sequence?
But to do drug discovery, knowing the
structure of a protein is only one small
part of that whole process. And usually
it takes like on average, you know, 10
years to to go from understanding a
target, you know, for a disease to all
the way to a drug that's ready for in
the market. So it's an enormous amount
of time and cost, you know, billions of
dollars a decade or more. And most
drugs, you know, fail along the way.
It's only like a kind of 10% success
rate. So it's just incredibly
inefficient because biology is so
complicated. So what I've always dreamed
about doing and was the first thing you
know I wanted to apply AI to was human
health improving human health. What
could be more important use of AI and
Alphafold was the proof point of that
this could be possible and then
isomorphic we spun that out after
AlphaFold was done so 3 4 years ago to
develop additional alpha fold level
breakthroughs surrounding alpha fold. So
you can think um more in the chemistry
space. So if you now know the structure
of a protein, you need to know where the
chemical compound you're you're
designing the drug basically where it's
going to bind to the protein and what is
it going to do. And so you need to build
other AI systems that can predict all of
that. So that's what we've been doing in
isomorphic. It's going incredibly well.
We have great partners with Eli Liy and
Novartis, the best farmers in the world
on we have like uh 17 drug programs
active already. uh and we plan to go to
you know eventually it be hundreds and I
think this is the way to make real step
change progress in human health is you
basically do your search and your
hypothesis searching in silicone and
that's you know hundreds thousands times
more efficient than doing it in a wet
lab and you save the wet lab part just
for the validation step. Of course,
eventually you have to test it in, you
know, trials, human trials and all those
types of things to make sure
everything's safe, but you can do all of
your search and design or almost all of
it in silicone. That's the plan.
>> And so 2026, you mentioned, is going to
be a big year, I imagine, for both
Google and for isomorphic. Do you
anticipate in early 2026 this could be
the moment that you get the first drug
to trial and may it be in cancer?
>> Yes. So, we're working on actually
several spaces. So cancer,
cardiovascular, immunology and then
eventually we'd like to branch out to
all therapeutic areas. We're building a
you know a general drug discovery engine
platform you can think and uh we are
already in pre-clinical trials very
early stage for some cancer drugs and
then you know hopefully by the end of
the year if those are successful we'll
start going towards clinical trials. How
do you manage yourself and your time and
your teams because you're achieving
really really difficult things whether
it's the launch of Gemini 3 which was
very successful and wellreceived or it's
getting drugs to trial these are
>> two sounding like very different things
two different teams to run you can't be
in two places at once sure
>> how are you doing this how are you
running two companies I
>> you know one of my skills is bringing
together amazing worldclass
interdisciplinary teams I've loved
managing those teams I love composing
those management teams together and I've
got incredible teams both at you know
Google deepmind and at isomorphic and if
we take isomeorphic for example we've
blended uh top biologists and chemists
along with top machine learning and
engineering and I think there's a lot of
magic happens when you have these kind
of interdicciplinary groups and then if
we think about on the Google deep mind
side there we've tried to blend together
the best of the startup worlds like what
we were doing at at deep mind originally
and then at scale you know in a in a
kind of multi international scale then
with all the advantages of having these
amazing product surfaces that we can
immediately deploy you know technologies
like Gemini 3 to immediately get great
feedback from users and also you know
help in everyday lives of billions of
users so it's amazingly exciting and
motivating actually and in terms of the
way I manage my time is you know I don't
sleep very much but um a couple hours
>> yeah well a few bit more than that that
would be bad for the brain so I do try
and get six but I have unusual, you
know, sleeping habits. I sort of manage
during the day and do try and pack my
day in the office with as many meetings
as possible back to back almost no time,
no break between then I get home, spend
a little bit of time with family, have
dinner, and then I sort of start a
second day of work about 10 p.m. and go
to 4:00 a.m. where I do my thinking and
kind of more creative work and research
work. And it's worked out, you know,
I've done that for about a decade now
and it it works well.
>> I can't imagine being creative at 4 in
the morning, but the work for you. Yeah,
I I I come alive at about 1:00 a.m.
>> In 2023, [music] Google was facing
increasing competition from other
rapidly growing search engines and from
the launch of Chat GPT. In the same
year, Google pivoted to merge two of its
AI teams, Deep Mind and Brain, under
Hassabus' [music]
leadership. And the goal was clear.
Jumpstart the next generation of AI.
>> You're clearly good at motivating teams
to do hard things. I know in 2023, a
decision was made at Google to put two
different AI teams under you.
How did you work out management kinks
there and get the team shipping again?
Because there was this feeling that
Google was a little bit asleep at the
wheel for AI and I'm curious if you
think that's true and how you got them
to wake up.
>> Yeah. Well, we had two world-class
groups in in in original Deep Mind and
and Google Brain. And actually, I think
uh often as a collector, we don't get
enough credit for the fact that, you
know, I think about 90% of the modern AI
industry is built on technology or
discoveries made by one of those two
groups from transformers to alpha go and
deep reinforcement learning. So, we have
and we still have I think the deepest
and and and broadest research bench. So
we have an incredible uh talent I think
better than anywhere else in the world
by a long way but it was getting
complicated having two groups especially
given the amount of compute needed in
this scaling era. So that was really why
we we had to put the two groups
together. So we could pull all of the
the talents together working on a single
project, you know, in Gemini, but also
even somewhere like Google didn't have
enough compute to have two frontier
projects under one house. So we needed
to combine all of our reasons together.
You know, I'm a very collaborative
person. I'm very open-minded about
different ways of working and try to I'm
always looking to improve as well. Like
one of my watch words I live by is is
this Japanese word kaizen that I love
which is sort of striving for continual
self-improvement. And that's what I
always try and do. I'm always in
learning mode. Maybe perhaps that's why
I like building learning machines cuz I
like learning. And there's always
something you can learn no matter how
expert you are at what you do. And
bringing the two groups together and
trying to combine the best of both
cultures has been great. And I think
we're reaping the rewards of that now.
And now Google DeepMind is really we the
way we think about it is like the engine
room of Google. So, we're sort of
powering, it's like the the nuclear
power plant that's plugged into the rest
of this amazing company in Google. And I
think one of the things we did is one of
the things I'm very proud of is getting
the shipping culture going and sort of
rediscovering, I guess, the golden era
of Google back 10, 15 years ago and
taking risk, calculated risk, shipping
things fast, and being innovative. And I
think that's all working out really well
now, whilst at the same time being
thoughtful and scientific about and
rigorous about what we put out in the
world, whether that's engineering or
scientifically. And I think and I hope,
you know, we're getting that balance
right.
>> Yeah. And you mentioned kind of going
back to the golden era of Google. So
much so that the founders, at least
Sergey, seems like he's back involved.
How is it like working with him on AI
and bringing Google?
>> It's been great. And Larry is too in
different ways. is Larry more
strategically. Sergey's been in the in
the weeds programming away, you know, on
things like Gemini. And it's been
fantastic seeing them engage.
>> Are you putting him to work? Are you
like, "Sir, I need this code right now."
>> No, it's more like he chooses what to
work on, but it's it's it's it's great
see, you know, seeing him in the office
and and pushing things in certain
directions and it's easier if the
founders are are kind of heavily
involved. And I I still act as well like
as a co-founder of Google DeepMind of of
like as a a kind of founder or two,
right? in terms of like what we've got
to do and and strategically what we pick
to do and that's something I think I've
learned to do well over the last you
know 101 15 years is when you have some
ambitious goal like solve all disease or
build AGI what are the intermediate
goals that are also very ambitious but
that are kind of way points what are the
right ones to pick and I think we've
done that historically pretty pretty
well with most of the alpha projects
alpha go alpha fold and so on and then
now Gemini and I think that's really
critical actually for any very ambitious
scientific and engineering project is
breaking it down into manageable steps
so that you can see you're on the the
right direction and I think that we very
clearly are I think with the technology
that we're building and it's been an
incredible couple of years for us and I
think we're getting into our groove I
would say and I think other people and
the external world are starting to to
feel that you know including things like
Wall Street and the share price
>> in 2005 any questions about whether
Google was facing an innovator's dilemma
when it came to AI and search were
[music] answered after the first
quarter, its shares skyrocketed, driven
in part by advancements it made in AI
development, including the launch of
Google's viral image generation model,
Nano Banana, and Gemini 3. Alphabet
shares rose about 65% by the end of the
year, marking its best performance since
2009 and making it the top performing
stock among the Magnificent 7. It
definitely seems like there must have
been some sort of KPI measurement charge
ahead unifying moment because I mean the
launch of Gemini 3 much fanfare among
other launches that caused OpenAI to go
to code red which they claim happens all
the time like
>> okay sure [laughter]
>> um and then you know you have this huge
monster deal with Apple that is
monumental I think for the industry. So
I'm curious what happened internally
behind the scenes how did you set those
KPIs for the team and then how are you
setting them to keep the momentum in
2026? Well, look, I think for me it
always starts with the research, like
having the best models in this case and
obviously fundamental research feeding
into that. And I always believe you then
need to reflect that obviously as
quickly as possible in your products and
then you got to get your marketing
distribution right. But none of it
matters if your models aren't
bestin-class and and state-of-the-art.
And so that's what we focused on first
with the Gemini models, but also our
other models, things like Nano Banana,
our image model, which went super viral
and that was a big part of the success
last year, our video model VO, our world
model. So there's more than just large
language models and we're kind of, you
know, state-of-the-art on all of those.
And then it was about sorting things out
internally almost rebuilding the
infrastructure in some way of Google so
that you could reflect very quickly the
power of the latest models into the
lighthouse products including search,
YouTube and chrome all these amazing
surfaces that we have as well of course
as the Gemini app. it was new for
everyone in the industry and I think you
know it takes a little while to kind of
rearchitect things around that and very
much you know again this idea of of of
Google deep mind being the engine room
providing the engine for the rest of the
organization to use and I think that
took a year 18 months to to get right
but I think we're seeing the results of
that now and I think there's still more
to go by the way and we can have even
faster velocity and I think the other
thing is just also instilling this
culture of intensity and and pace peace
and focus uh and and really focusing
only on the things that matter and kind
of cutting out distractions. Um, and
then maybe the final thing I would say
is I think there's a lot to say,
especially in today's very noisy world,
to just consistently deliver good
decisions, good rational decisions, and
over time, minimal drama. And then I
think it's just amazing how much that
compounds over time. And, you know, I
think we're building a lot of momentum
now. And I think hopefully you we'll
we'll see that even more this year.
>> Sort of like we mentioned before, the
decision to sell DeepMind to Google was
a monumental moment, transformational
moment in business. If you're successful
now, I think that will be perhaps the
biggest transformation in business. How
does that weigh on you to make sure that
you as a leader are driving this in a
direction that's good for society, good
for the workforce, good for Google?
Because it is a little bit of an
innovator's dilemma where this is the
search king, huge business model based
on ads. If you're successful,
>> yeah,
>> I don't know.
>> Sure. Well, look, I mean, it is a
classic innovator's dilemma. I think
we've navigated it pretty well so far
and uh search is more you know is is is
more successful than ever but also
there's this aspect of like if we don't
disrupt ourselves someone else will so
we we you know you you're better off
sort of um being ahead of that I think
and and and kind of doing it on your
terms and so I think that's what we
found in terms of responsibility I feel
that you know I felt that weight since
not just at Google but before that at
deep mind and before that even in my
academic career because if we we you
know myself and Shane especially our
chief scientists you know when we
started Deep Mind we it seemed like a
fanciful idea but we really believed
that it would be possible to to create
artificial general intelligence and we
understood what I think more and more
people understanding now is how
transformative to the world that would
be but also of course amazing for things
like science and and human health and
maybe helping with energy and so on but
also there are risks it's a dual purpose
technology you know harmful actors you
know bad actors could use it for harmful
ends and eventually as AGI becomes a AI
but technology becomes more autonomous,
more agentic and we get towards AGI. Um
there's technological risk too and so I
worry a lot about all of those things.
Um and I also of course you know we have
to make sure that the the engine and the
economic engine works as well. So we
have enough money to fund our research
and fund things like AlphaFold and give
it to the world for free. You know
that's not easy. It costs a lot of money
to create something like and hire the
researchers to create something like
AlphaFold. But we do a lot of things
like that and I want to do more things
like that for the world. But that
requires us to be successful also on the
commercial side. So I think you know
there's a balance to be had there. But
the responsibility I think part comes as
well is and and I feel like we can do
this at Google as well is we have the
platform to show how AI can be deployed
in a responsible way um and a beneficial
way for for all of society. And you know
all of us who who are frontier labs
producing AI we have choices about what
should we use AI for? Are we going to
use it for things like medicine and for
uh alleviating, you know, administration
and and helping with things like
poverty? Or are we going to use it for
exploitative things? And I think that
we're going to try and be a role model
for all the good things that can come
with AI. Doesn't mean we won't make any
mistakes. We will do because it's such a
nent and complex technology, but we'll
try and be as thoughtful as possible as
we can with it. And we'll try and be as
scientific about it as possible, too.
the scientific rigor we bring to our
work and always have I think is going to
matter here a lot. I mean it's a
scientific endeavor in the end and then
you know I hope that what we you the
kind of reliability and security and
safety that we like to work on will come
through in our products and then I think
the market will reward that because if
you think about enterprises that use
these technologies as they get more
sophisticated they're going to want to
know you know if you're a big bank or or
you know insurance company whatever
health health company that a medical
company that you you uh have some
guarantees about what your AI systems
that you're bringing in are going to do.
And um so I think that could be a good
aspect of AI becoming very commercial is
that there'll be sort of commercial uh
incentives to be um robust and reliable
and secure and all the things that you'd
you'd want actually in preparation for
AGI coming into the world.
>> So when you look at the year ahead, what
do what do you think the story of AI
will be? What will we achieve? Well, I
think this year uh I mean every I say
this every year, you know, every year is
pretty pivotal in AI and it feels like
at least for those of us in sight in
working at the at the coalace, you know,
like 10 years almost happens every year
and I think this year will be no
different. It's very intense. Um but
you've also got to kind of every now and
again look up at the strategic picture.
I think that uh at least for us with
Gemini 3, we crossed the watershed
moment in my opinion and and hopefully
those of you who have used it will feel
that in that it's very capable now and I
I'm certainly using it in my everyday
life to help me with my research and
summarizing things and uh doing some
coding. So I think that the these
systems are now ready to maybe build
agents. We've talked the whole
industry's talked a lot about agents and
more autonomous systems and delegating
whole tasks to them. But I think maybe
by the end of this year we'll really
start seeing that. I'm very excited
about assistance coming into the real
world with you. Maybe on glasses. We
have a a big project on smart glasses. I
think that the AI technology is only
just about there to make that actually
uh viable. And I think that could be a
kind of killer app for for for glasses.
You know, I think that part of bringing
that into the world. Also robotics I
think is going to I still think there's
more research to be done on robotics but
I think over the next 18 months or so I
think we're going to see kind of
breakthrough moment in robotics too. So
all of these areas we're pushing very
hard on as well as of course improving
Gemini itself.
>> Those aren't the glasses right?
>> No they're not [laughter]
these number I would buy those if they
were they look I was going to ask you
about the future form of how you know
computers were not built for AI and all
the things that AI can do. What do you
think is the future for us? Sounds like
glasses. Do you think we'll
>> I think glasses would just be one of the
solution. I I I have this side notion of
we talk about this notion internally of
a universal assistant and what we mean
by that is an assistant that's super
helpful in everyday life um recommending
you things enriching your life and you
know dealing with admin all of these
types of things but it goes across all
the surfaces. So it exists on your
computer, on your browser, on your
phone, and then I think there'll be new
devices too like glasses and it will be
the same assistant that kind of
understands your context across the
different conversations you've had,
whether that's in your car or in your
office. And um if you wanted to, you
know, that can all be integrated
together and I think help you, you know,
improve your life across all those
different um aspects of your life.
>> So maybe for Christmas next year, the
holidays next year, we could all get our
Google glasses.
>> That's that's the idea. You guys were
just way too early I think before when
they kind of looked a little
>> I think you know and like a lot of
things we've done at Google we maybe
were you know we pioneered all these
spaces perhaps a little bit too early in
hindsight with glasses both the techn
technology of making them not too chunky
and things but also I think it was
missing the killer app and and I think
an AI digital assistant could be that.
>> Yeah. Amazing. Well I just one last
question for you. I want to ask your
biggest boldest prediction for how AI
will transform the world when you look
ahead. I know you said 10 years is one
year now. It's true. Yes. Um but when
you're looking ahead, are you like the
abundance world where AI can solve all
of our problems? Like what does it look
like?
>> I think done right, we will be in an
incredible, you know, in 10, 15 years
time, we'll be in a kind of new golden
era of discovery. That's why I hope a
kind of new renaissance and I think
human health will be revolutionized. It
won't medicine won't look like it does
today. I think that personalized
medicine, for example, will be a real uh
a reality. And I think we'll have solved
used these AI technologies to solve many
big problems in science and things like
new materials, maybe help with fusion or
solar or optimal batteries, some way of
solving the energy crisis. And then I
think we'll be in a in a world of
radical abundance where we can use those
energy sources to, you know, travel the
stars and explore, you know, the galaxy.
[music] That's that's what I think our
destiny is going to be.
>> Amazing. Well, thank you. I hope that
that's what you build and thank you for
all your efforts on it. [music]
>> Great to talk to you. Bye-bye.